**Dataset Size and Organization:**

There are three datasets in this stage: cora, citeseer and pubmed, each
of which represents one directed graph. All these datasets are composed
of two files: node file, and link file.

**Cora**

In pubmed dataset, the node file has 2,708 lines, each line denoting one
node. For the nodes in cora, each line has 1,435 elements, which are
organized as follows:

\<node\_id\> \<1433 node\_features\> \<node\_class\_label\>

The first element denotes the node index. (Each node has one unique
index, which will also be used in the link file denoting the nodes). The
last element (a string) denotes the node label, and the mid 1433
elements denote the features of the node.

The link file has 5,429 lines, each line denoting one directed link (A
B, i.e., it denotes B pointing to A).

**Citeseer**

In the citeseer dataset, the node file has 3,312 lines, each line has
3,705 elements denoting one node (\<node id\> \<3,703 node features\>
\<node label\>). The link file has 4,715 lines, each line denoting one
directed link (A B, i.e., it denotes B pointing to A).

**Pubmed**

In pubmed dataset, the node file has 19,717 lines, each line has 502
elements denoting one node (\<node id\> \<500 node features\> \<node
label\>). The link file has 44,324 lines, each line denoting one
directed link (A B, i.e., it denotes B pointing to A).

**Training Testing Set Partition:**

Prior to data partitioning, please open (or print out) the data files to
take a look at the data first. Please pay attention to the node index
representation, node feature representations, element separation, and
node label representations.

For cora, it has 7 different classes (Case\_Based, Genetic\_Algorithms,
Neural\_Networks, Probabilistic\_Methods, Reinforcement\_Learning,
Rule\_Learning, Theory). Please randomly sample a training set with 140
nodes (20 node instances per class), and evaluate the learned model on a
randomly sampled testing set with 1400 nodes (200 node instances per
class).

For citeseer, it has 6 different classes (AI, Agents, DB, HCI, IR, ML).
Please randomly sample a training set with 120 nodes (20 node instances
per class), and evaluate the learned model on a randomly sampled testing
set with 1200 nodes (200 node instances per class).

For pubmed, it has 3 different classes (0, 1, 2). Please randomly sample
a training set with 60 nodes (20 node instances per class), and evaluate
the learned model on a randomly sampled testing set with 600 nodes (200
node instances per class).

**Task To Be Done:**

Please train a GCN on each of these datasets, and evaluate the learned
model performance on the testing set. Please include your model learning
performance in the report.
